void vkCmdExecuteCommands(
    VkCommandBuffer          commandBuffer,
    uint32_t                 commandBufferCount,
    const VkCommandBuffer*   pCommandBuffers);


vkCmdSetEvent, vkCmdResetEvent

void vkCmdWaitEvents(
    VkCommandBuffer               commandBuffer,
    uint32_t                      eventCount,
    const VkEvent*                pEvents,
    VkPipelineStageFlagBits       srcStageMask,
    VkPipelineStageFlagBits       dstStageMask,
    uint32_t                      memoryBarrierCount,
    const VkMemoryBarrier*        pMemoryBarriers,
    uint32_t                      bufferMemoryBarrierCount,
    const VkBufferMemoryBarrier*  pBufferMemoryBarriers,
    uint32_t                      imageMemoryBarrierCount,
    const VkImageMemoryBarrier*   pImageMemoryBarriers);

void vkCmdPipelineBarrier(
    VkCommandBuffer                 commandBuffer,
    VkPipelineStageFlagBits         srcStageMask,
    VkPipelineStageFlagBits         dstStageMask,
    VkDependencyFlags               dependencyFlags,
    uint32_t                        memoryBarrierCount,
    const VkMemoryBarrier*          pMemoryBarriers,
    uint32_t                        bufferMemoryBarrierCount,
    const VkBufferMemoryBarrier*    pBufferMemoryBarriers,
    uint32_t                        imageMemoryBarrierCount,
    const VkImageMemoryBarrier*     pImageMemoryBarriers);



void vkCmdBeginRenderPass(                                  typedef struct VkRenderPassBeginInfo {          typedef union VkClearValue {
    VkCommandBuffer                 commandBuffer,              VkStructureType        sType;                   VkClearColorValue           color;
    const VkRenderPassBeginInfo*    pRenderPassBegin,           const void*            pNext;                   VkClearDepthStencilValue    depthStencil;
    VkSubpassContents               contents);                  VkRenderPass           renderPass;          }
                                                                VkFramebuffer          framebuffer;         typedef union VkClearColorValue {
                                                                VkRect2D               renderArea;              float       float32[4];
                                                                uint32_t               clearValueCount;         int32_t     int32[4];
                                                                const VkClearValue*    pClearValues;            uint32_t    uint32[4];
                                                            }                                               }
                                                                                                            typedef struct VkClearDepthStencilValue {
                                                                                                                float       depth;
                                                                                                                uint32_t    stencil;
                                                                                                            }


Command Properties
------------------

 Comamnd                                      | CB-levels   | Renderpass scope |  Queue-types      |  pipeline-types
----------------------------------------------+-------------+------------------+-------------------+-----------------
vkQueueSubmit                                   -             -                  Any                  -
vkQueueSubmit2                                  -             -                  Any                  -
vkQueueBindSparse                               -             -                  SparseBinding        -
vkQueuePresentKHR                               -             -                  Any                  -
vkQueueWaitIdle                                 -             -                  Any                  -

vkCmdExecuteCommands                            Primary       Both               Trans/Graph/Comp     -

vkCmdSetDeviceMask                              Prim/Secnd    Both               Trans/Graph/Comp     -
vkCmdSetEvent                                   Primary       Outside            Graphics/Compute     -
vkCmdSetEvent2KHR                               Primary       Outside            Graphics/Compute     -
vkCmdResetEvent2KHR                             Prim/Secnd    Outside            Graphics/Compute     -
vkCmdResetEvent                                 Prim/Secnd    Outside            Graphics/Compute     -
vkCmdWaitEvents2KHR                             Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics/Compute     -
vkCmdWaitEvents                                 Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics/Compute     -
vkCmdPipelineBarrier                            Prim/Secnd    Both               Trans/Graph/Comp     -
vkCmdPipelineBarrier2KHR                        Prim/Secnd    Both               Trans/Graph/Comp     -

vkCmdBeginRenderPass                            Primary       Outside            Graphics             Graphics
vkCmdBeginRenderPass2                           Primary       Outside            Graphics             Graphics
vkCmdNextSubpass                                Primary       Inside             Graphics             Graphics
vkCmdNextSubpass2                               Primary       Inside             Graphics             Graphics
vkCmdEndRenderPass                              Primary       Inside             Graphics             Graphics
vkCmdEndRenderPass2                             Primary       Inside             Graphics             Graphics

vkCmdSetRayTracingPipelineStackSizeKHR          Prim/Secnd    Outside            Compute              -
vkCmdBindPipeline                               Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics/Compute     -
vkCmdBindDescriptorSets                         Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics/Compute     -
vkCmdPushDescriptorSetKHR                       Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics/Compute     -
vkCmdPushDescriptorSetWithTemplateKHR           Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics/Compute     -
vkCmdPushConstants                              Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics/Compute     -

vkCmdBeginQuery                                 Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics/Compute     -
vkCmdResetQueryPool                             Prim/Secnd    Outside            Graphics/Compute     -
vkCmdCopyQueryPoolResults                       Prim/Secnd    Outside            Graphics/Compute     Transfer
vkCmdEndQuery                                   Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics/Compute     -

vkCmdWriteTimestamp                             Prim/Secnd    Both               Trans/Graph/Comp     Transfer
vkCmdWriteTimestamp2KHR                         Prim/Secnd    Both               Trans/Graph/Comp     Transfer
vkCmdFillBuffer                                 Prim/Secnd    Outside            Trans/Graph/Comp     Transfer
vkCmdUpdateBuffer                               Prim/Secnd    Outside            Trans/Graph/Comp     Transfer
vkCmdCopyBuffer                                 Prim/Secnd    Outside            Trans/Graph/Comp     Transfer
vkCmdCopyBuffer2KHR                             Prim/Secnd    Outside            Trans/Graph/Comp     Transfer
vkCmdCopyImage                                  Prim/Secnd    Outside            Trans/Graph/Comp     Transfer
vkCmdCopyImage2KHR                              Prim/Secnd    Outside            Trans/Graph/Comp     Transfer
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage                          Prim/Secnd    Outside            Trans/Graph/Comp     Transfer
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer                          Prim/Secnd    Outside            Trans/Graph/Comp     Transfer
vkCmdCopyBufferToImage2KHR                      Prim/Secnd    Outside            Trans/Graph/Comp     Transfer
vkCmdCopyImageToBuffer2KHR                      Prim/Secnd    Outside            Trans/Graph/Comp     Transfer

vkCmdBindIndexBuffer                            Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics             -
vkCmdDraw                                       Prim/Secnd    Inside             Graphics             Graphics
vkCmdDrawIndirect                               Prim/Secnd    Inside             Graphics             Graphics
vkCmdDrawIndexed                                Prim/Secnd    Inside             Graphics             Graphics
vkCmdDrawIndexedIndirect                        Prim/Secnd    Inside             Graphics             Graphics
vkCmdBindVertexBuffers                          Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics             -
vkCmdClearColorImage                            Prim/Secnd    Outside            Graphics/Compute     Transfer
vkCmdClearDepthStencilImage                     Prim/Secnd    Outside            Graphics             Transfer
vkCmdClearAttachments                           Prim/Secnd    Inside             Graphics             Graphics
vkCmdBlitImage                                  Prim/Secnd    Outside            Graphics             Transfer
vkCmdBlitImage2KHR                              Prim/Secnd    Outside            Graphics             Transfer
vkCmdResolveImage                               Prim/Secnd    Outside            Graphics             Transfer
vkCmdResolveImage2KHR                           Prim/Secnd    Outside            Graphics             Transfer

vkCmdSetViewport                                Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics             -
vkCmdSetFragmentShadingRateKHR                  Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics             -
vkCmdSetLineWidth                               Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics             -
vkCmdSetDepthBias                               Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics             -
vkCmdSetScissor                                 Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics             -
vkCmdSetDepthBounds                             Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics             -
vkCmdSetStencilCompareMask                      Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics             -
vkCmdSetStencilWriteMask                        Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics             -
vkCmdSetStencilReference                        Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics             -
vkCmdSetBlendConstants                          Prim/Secnd    Both               Graphics             -

vkCmdDispatch                                   Prim/Secnd    Outside            Compute              Compute
vkCmdDispatchIndirect                           Prim/Secnd    Outside            Compute              Compute
vkCmdDispatchBase                               Prim/Secnd    Outside            Compute              -

vkCmdBuildAccelerationStructuresKHR             Prim/Secnd    Outside            Compute              -
vkCmdBuildAccelerationStructuresIndirectKHR     Prim/Secnd    Outside            Compute              -
vkCmdWriteAccelerationStructuresPropertiesKHR   Prim/Secnd    Outside            Compute              -
vkCmdCopyAccelerationStructureKHR               Prim/Secnd    Outside            Compute              -
vkCmdCopyAccelerationStructureToMemoryKHR       Prim/Secnd    Outside            Compute              -
vkCmdCopyMemoryToAccelerationStructureKHR       Prim/Secnd    Outside            Compute              -
vkCmdTraceRaysKHR                               Prim/Secnd    Outside            Compute              -
vkCmdTraceRaysIndirectKHR                       Prim/Secnd    Outside            Compute              -
vkCmdBeginVideoCodingKHR                        Primary       Outside            Encode/Decode        -
vkCmdEndVideoCodingKHR                          Primary       Outside            Encode/Decode        -
vkCmdControlVideoCodingKHR                      Primary       Outside            Encode/Decode        -
vkCmdDecodeVideoKHR                             Primary       Outside            Decode               -
vkCmdEncodeVideoKHR                             Primary       Outside            Encode               -
